ADRIAN: Previously on
The Secret Life
of the American Teenager...
I can't force him
to go to therapy!
He'll go when
he's ready to go!
I almost got shot!
Every time I close my eyes,
I see that guy's face.
You got two choices,
this guy Chan that your
doctor recommended,
or Dr. Fields,
who I recommend.
My grandmother was
hoping you could kind of
hang out with me at the house
until she gets home tonight.
I told her I was going
to be helping you
with your algebra.
Can you watch John?
I can't.
You didn't hear?
He bought Geoff's.
Geoff's restaurant?
Obviously, I can't
go to school here
and leave John with you.
And what does
that mean?
The baby daddy called
the adoptive couple.
He wants to
see the baby.
I did not
send Ben to New York
to be with Amy.
I wanted to know.
She's their baby,
they're adopting her.
Not if I change my mind.
That guy is a liar.
Tell me why you're here.
I'm too scared to sleep.
Someday soon,
Anne is going to
make us move from here.
Anne's not going to
make us do anything.
"I'm going to
start looking."
Just say it.
I don't want
to lose you.
Where are you going?
To the nicest hotel suite
that I can get into.
This is progress,
real progress.
(LOUD SNORING)
I think the problem
is that you don't know
what an integer is.
Integers are positive
and negative whole numbers.
So, what are two even
consecutive integers
that add up to 26?
I have no idea.
Then we'll figure it out.
And the way
we figure it out is...
(CELL PHONE BUZZES)
It's my dad! They're up!
EDWARD: What's wrong?
Well, something was wrong,
but I think Ethan
has a handle on it.
Ethan is there at 9:00
at night getting a handle
on things? What things?
Grandma is still
at the hospital
with her friend
who had surgery.
I'm going to let you
speak to Ethan.
I don't want to
I've spoken to Ethan
enough to last me a...
Bonjour.
I hope you're
enjoying your visit
to the City of Lights.
Uh...
I'm not in Paris,
I'm in the south of France,
in Provence.
Oh. Well, I just wanted
to update you on what's
going on with Kathy
and her situation here.
Why you? Why not Kathy?
And to what situation
are you referring?
Well, sir, here's the thing.
Your mom had to go
to visit a sick friend
in the hospital.
I heard. And?
And I'm staying
here with Kathy
until she gets home.
In an empty house
with no supervision.
I said the same thing
when she invited me,
but apparently
we are trustworthy.
We'll see. Get to the point.
Don, the baby's father...
I know who Don is.
Don called the adoptive family
and asked to see the baby.
He did what?
Well, he said that
he wanted to consider
taking the baby himself.
He's not going to do that.
And me,
he wanted to take me.
He wanted the two of them,
Kathy and the baby,
to go back to Texas with him,
and he left asking her
to think about it.
And how do you
come in to this?
Having overheard
their conversation,
with Kathy's
permission, of course,
I deduced that this Don guy
is only here to try to get
someone to pay him off.
Pay him off for what?
Exactly. I mean,
he didn't say
he needed money,
but he did say, however,
that he didn't have
the money to go to college,
so he was going to
get a job.
So he didn't ask for money?
No.
So you just
deduced this?
Well, yeah.
He's street smart!
I don't want you
to get in the middle of this,
and I don't want Don
to jeopardize the adoption.
Me neither.
But it's blackmail,
don't you think?
Maybe we should
call the police or the FBI.
Or, maybe Kathy
should just talk to him
and ask him
if he's after money,
or if he really
just wants to see the baby
before we turn this
into a federal case.
Oh. Well, okay.
If you want me
to handle it...
I don't. I want Kathy
to handle it with Don,
and her mother and I will
handle it with Don's parents.
Let me speak to her.
And...
Don't go anywhere
near her,
especially with
her grandmother out
of the house.
We're just studying, sir,
she's helping me
with algebra.
And why is that?
Because I stink at algebra.
So did I.
Really?
That's awesome.
Here she is.
Good job!
Hi, Dad.
He stinks at algebra!
♪ Falling in love
is such an easy
thing to do
♪ Birds can do it
We can do it
♪ Let's stop talking
Let's get to it
♪ Let's fall in love ♪
Good morning.
(GASPS)
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
What are you doing?
You scared me!
I'm sorry.
I told you what time
I'd be home.
Did you?
It was just one of the 17
text messages that you
didn't respond to
after I said I sat next to Amy
on the flight.
I turned off my phone
after Ben texted me.
(CHUCKLES)
I knew he texted you.
Which is why
you texted me.
Look, I'm not upset
that you sat next to her,
I'm upset that Ben
told me first.
They told us
to put away our phones.
Yet Ben took the risk
and texted me
and you didn't.
Ben's a rich kid, he can
afford to take a few more
risks than I can.
Um, you're rich now.
Oh. Yeah, I am.
I keep forgetting.
So, what did you get me?
Something that was so big,
it had to be mailed.
Jewelry?
What kind of jewelry
has to be mailed?
I don't know. I don't know
what has to be mailed!
Just tell me what it is!
All right.
It's a really nice
set of luggage.
Oh. Where are we going?
What would you think
about moving to New York?
I would think
that I hate you
for suggesting it
and you've lost your mind
if you think I am going to
drop out of school
and follow you
across the country
just because we're
getting married and you
have a career there!
Okay. Not what I
was anticipating, but, um,
you hate me?
I am not moving to New York!
Okay, then,
we won't move
to New York.
Okay. What does that mean?
I guess it means
that we won't be
living in a condo
overlooking Central Park,
I'll just be staying
at a hotel
when I travel back and forth
between you and my job.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hi. This is Omar.
Are you really
going to be...
(SOFTLY) It's one of the guys
I work with.
We are in the middle
of a life-changing
conversation
and you're going to
take a phone call?
I'm sorry, let me
turn down the television,
I just walked in.
I have to take this call.
Oh. Hi.
Hi.
How are you doing?
How was your night?
I didn't really
do anything,
I just enjoyed being
alone in my dorm room
with no one else around.
It was nice to have
a space to myself,
to think about things
and what I want to do
with my life.
Wow. Your dorm
was quiet enough to think in?
The dorm I was in
was so loud.
There were so many
parties going on,
I had to check into a hotel.
I had to get some sleep.
Hey, Benjamin.
Oh, Bebe, baby,
how are you doing?
You should have
stuck around last night,
we did body shots.
I'm sorry
I missed that.
Ah, next time.
Absolutely.
You could have
stayed up all night
and partied, you know.
This is the finance office.
Student loans, dorms,
that kind of thing a thing.
It's not really
that important,
not to you anyway.
Yeah, probably not.
Probably?
You don't need a loan,
and you're probably not
going to stay in a dorm here
since you couldn't even
stay one night
in a dorm.
We'll see about that.
Are you planning
on living in a dorm?
Hello, where else
would I live?
Uh, some place you could
live with John and Ricky?
Oh, well, I'm sure
something can be worked out.
I mean, I have a family.
You think they're going to
be able give you
a large enough space
for three people?
You can't milk
the teen mother thing here,
I don't think
that's a good angle.
Ben, I'm not
milking anything,
I have to have a dorm room,
and a dorm room
where my family can visit.
"Have to" is a little strong,
don't you think?
Are you really
going to go here?
That depends.
On whether or not
I go here?
That might have
something to do with it,
but it's also because
it's New York,
and I happen to like
New York and I have
uncles and cousins
and family
around here, so...
So you have relatives
all over the world,
why can't you go
somewhere else?
Amy Juergens?
That's me.
Come on in.
I hope we're not
on the same flight back.
Was that her?
Was that the girl
you're in love with?
That's the one.
Or she was the one.
Not really sure anymore.
I just feel like
there's a window
of opportunity
and I've got to get in there
and find out for sure.
You could do better.
(CHUCKLES)
Amy doesn't make
the best first impression.
She's a little insecure
and I think she
overcompensates by...
Being arrogant?
Hmm. (CHUCKLES)
So, Amy, I see
you've decided to major
in secondary education,
teach high school?
Yeah.
Why?
Um, well, I know
how important high school is?
Is that a question?
No, um, sorry.
High school is important.
And I think my experience
in high school makes me
uniquely qualified
to teach
high school students.
Unique how?
Well, I have
a three-year-old.
All right.
I had him
while in high school.
All right.
And yet I finished
high school
and I'm graduating
on time
and I'm thinking about going
to Hudson University.
Otherwise I wouldn't
be here.
And whether or not I get
into a dorm will help me
determine that.
You opted
for early acceptance.
Yes, I did.
If you apply
for early acceptance,
then you agree to come
if accepted.
You applied, you agreed,
ergo you're coming.
And you were eligible
for financial aid,
so you're getting
financial aid.
That's nice,
but that's really just
a whopping student loan.
I agree. It's to cover
the whopping tuition.
Okay. Well,
I'd really need to know
where I'd be living
before I can really
formally accept.
You formally accepted
when you signed
the application.
Not really.
No, really.
There was
a $2,000 application fee.
It's very high because
we want to make sure
that students asking
for early acceptance
are serious.
It's non-refundable.
Non-refundable?
Okay, I guess
I didn't understand that.
A summer course
in reading comprehension
might be prudent.
I do want to be here,
but I just don't know if I can
afford to be here.
What are my chances
of getting a dorm room?
You can get a dorm room.
Most freshmen share a space.
Did you want a single,
which is more expensive,
or did you want to
share a space?
Oh, well, the thing is,
I do have a three-year-old.
Who cannot live
in the dorm.
But he can visit, of course.
Overnight?
Yeah.
No.
My son can't visit me
at school?
What about his father?
None of our business.
Well, look, it's always
been my dream
to be here to go
to school in New York.
So, I will figure
the housing situation out.
Good.
See you in the fall.
And if I don't figure out
the housing situation
and I can't go to school
here because of that?
The school just
made $2,000 processing
your application
and some poor student
didn't get in here
because you agreed
you'd be here
using the money
they could have had.
Thank you.
She doesn't seem like she
has much personality to me.
I was standing in line...
...next to her yesterday.
And she started telling me
all about New York.
I mean, I went to high school
in New York.
Ugh.
I hate these tourists
who come in thinking they
know more than we know.
Hey, you're talking
to a tourist.
See, that's the attitude
you should have.
Amy did live here
for a summer.
A whole summer.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
Ben Boykewich?
Is it Boy-ke-wich
or Boy-ke-vich?
It's however you'd like
to pronounce it, but my dad
says, "Boy-ke-vich."
Have a seat. I'm sorry.
I think you were actually
here before that last girl
but I screwed up.
(SIGHS)
Don't worry about it,
I screwed up
with that last girl myself.
You're not the father
of the baby, are you?
No. I wanted to be,
but no.
Do you really want
to go to school here
or are you just
following the girl?
Yeah, I want to come
to school here,
but I'm pretty much
following the girl.
Do you plan to go to class,
live on campus, while
you're pursuing her?
Sure, if I come here.
"If?"
Did your guidance counselor
not explain this to you?
If you ask
for early acceptance,
then you agree
to come here if you get in,
and you got in.
Okay.
So I'll come here.
Are you sure?
Pretty sure. I mean,
what are you going to do
if I don't? Arrest me?
Keep the $2,000
application fee.
I'm sure my dad knew
that was a risk,
but even if Amy
doesn't come here,
I rather like the place, so...
I think I will come here.
All right! Well,
we do have dorm space
available for you,
although I imagine
you'll be taking
an apartment as well
because that's what
you rich boys do.
If my rich dad
will let me, sure.
The girl
you screwed up with,
she's going to need
a place to live. Perhaps you
could share an apartment.
Are you friends with her
and her fiance?
Oh, yeah.
We're all friends.
And that sounds
like an excellent idea,
sharing an apartment.
As long as you don't mind
the three-year-old visiting.
It'll give you a chance
to see what you missed.
Hi, Dr. Rodriguez.
Your assistant said I should
just bring this over to you.
I wasn't here yesterday.
I hate to bother you
outside your office.
Yeah, I told her
to send you over.
I'm going to have
a cup of coffee.
I thought I'd read your paper
while I'm sitting here.
Are you feeling all right?
I'm fine.
I have a three-year-old.
There was an issue
with his daycare yesterday.
So, I had to take
the day off.
It's never happened before,
and it won't happen again.
Promise.
Really?
I have three children
and, based on my experience,
I think it's going to
happen again.
No, see, my, uh, fiancee
and I live together
and John, that's our son,
stays at the church nursery
and Amy, that's my...
Fiancee.
She's a senior in high school
and she works at the nursery
after school
and it's always
worked out before,
but she had to go
to New York and I had
John to myself
and, like I said,
there was an issue
at daycare.
Who hit whom?
(CHUCKLES) A kid bit him,
he bit him back,
they sent them both home.
So you're what, 18,
19 years old?
Nineteen.
And you're
getting married?
I think so.
We're planning on it,
sometime this summer.
You're awfully young
to be getting married.
John is three.
I think it's time
we got married.
Well, good for you.
I got pregnant
before I got married,
but he took off.
Then, a few years later,
I got married and had
a couple more kids.
I love kids.
My husband and I
are very happy.
You know,
who you'd marry at 19 is not
who you'd marry at 29
is not who you'd marry at 39.
Well, thanks
for bringing this over.
And, uh, you do know
that there's daycare
on campus, don't you?
Uh, for?
For anyone five or under
who needs it.
And there's pre-kindergarten
and kindergarten
and after school care as well.
I had no idea.
Check it out. I don't know
if you can use it
as a fallback
in an emergency,
but maybe.
I really appreciate
the information.
I think I'll go
check it out right now.
You're doing a good job
in this class, Ricky.
You've got a head
for business.
Thanks.
Hi, Adrian.
Shut up.
Okay.
I hope this isn't about Amy
sitting next to Omar
on the way to New York.
Who cares
about that?
I don't.
I don't either.
All right, well,
you told me to shut up
so I just figured
that something was wrong
and I was looking
for a common denominator.
Omar wants me
to move to New York.
Because of his
new job?
Yeah.
Can you believe that?
He just sprung it on me,
like I'd want to move
across the country.
Are you going to go?
I don't want to go.
I don't want to go either.
To New York.
I love my life here,
and my family is here
and that's important to me.
And you love Amy
and John.
Yeah.
Well, Amy and John
are going to be
in New York, so...
She hasn't decided that yet.
Wake up!
She wouldn't be there
right now
if she didn't really
want to be there.
She just needed
the freedom to go,
to decide.
I'm pretty sure Amy is not
going to leave California
to go to school.
I'm sure she is.
All right, you know what,
Ricky? Listen to me,
and I don't say this
because we were all
hot for each other
for a few years, okay?
I say this because
we're friends.
Don't marry that girl.
Why not?
Because she doesn't
want to be married.
She doesn't want
to have a baby.
She wants to have
the life she would have had
if she hadn't met you.
She's not going to be happy
until she moves to New York,
goes to school there,
graduates, travels the world,
has a job and an apartment
on her own.
And experiences
other men.
Why would you say that?
Because I'm a girl.
Hey, guys, how are you
this morning?
How are you?
I am so much better,
Adrian, thank you so much.
Talking to Dr. Fields
was amazing.
I slept 10 hours last night.
Alone?
Kind of.
What does that mean?
It means that I was
at my parents' house
and they were nearby.
All right. Well, I'm glad
you're feeling better.
Think about what I said.
She gives good advice.
I don't know
how good her advice is
about relationships.
Everything okay?
Are you and Amy
still getting married?
You want to weigh in
on that, too?
Sure. Yeah. Life is short.
Don't be miserable.
Okay, thanks.
That's very helpful.
See ya.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Jack! Hey!
Pleasure to meet you.
I recognize you
from the newspapers.
Johnny D.
Yeah, my dad was
a little confused
on who you are
and why you're trying
to reach me.
He said something
about the insurance claims?
Sit down, sit down,
let me buy you
a cup of coffee.
(EXCLAIMS)
Must be torture
having those casts on.
Yeah. Hopefully,
a few more weeks
and that's it.
Not that I'm complaining,
I'm just lucky to be alive.
Couldn't have
put it better myself.
What a horrible thing
to go through.
Yeah, things
are looking up.
Oh?
Why's that?
The Lord has blessed me
with a lot of good friends.
You know, I'm getting
a lot of good advice
from a lot of good people.
Are you getting
any financial help?
I don't need any.
The school covered
all the medical expenses
and even though
I didn't get hurt
during a game,
they've covered my tuition,
and my dorm room
is still available to me
as long as I'm working
toward getting back
on the team.
Two words. Punitive damages.
The school
wants to punish me?
They want me
to pay them?
Oh, no.
You want
to punish them.
I do?
Seems to me
the whole thing could have
been prevented with a
reasonable amount of security.
And that coach
never should have
labeled you as a Christian
just to get publicity.
This is about making
this campus and the dorms
safer for everyone.
It's a selfless act
for the protection of others.
And you'll get millions
of dollars.
You didn't explain
what "early admissions" means.
I'm pretty sure I did.
I'm pretty sure
that you didn't.
I'm going to lose $2,000
if I decide not to
go to go to the school.
Yeah, that fee
is non-refundable.
You forfeit that
if you change your mind.
It's right there
on the application.
That you helped me
fill out!
Well, you wanted
to be sure you got in,
and, well, you got in.
How's it going,
by the way?
It's going great, actually.
The programs are outstanding.
So is the faculty and staff.
Only I can't live in
a stupid dorm room
so I can't go here and I want
my money back in case I don't!
Why can't you get
a dorm room?
Because John and Ricky
can't stay in it
when they come to visit
so I have to live
somewhere else.
I guess I assumed
that they'd
move there with you
and you guys would get
an apartment together.
I can't afford an apartment.
We can't afford an apartment.
Well, I can't imagine
you'll find something
in Manhattan,
but, I mean, the dorm rooms
are 15 to 20 grand a year.
So an apartment
couldn't be that much more,
could it?
Twenty thousand
dollars a year
for this?
That's ridiculous.
Did you read any
of the materials I gave you
on Hudson University?
(STAMMERING)
It's expensive
to go to school there.
Well, all schools
are expensive.
True, but it's a lot cheaper
to go to school in state,
especially since you and Ricky
have a free apartment.
I mean, that's what
you said, right?
I'm not gonna go in state
just because Leo Boykewich
gave Ricky a free apartment.
Well, then it's a good thing
that you got in
to Hudson University,
your dream choice.
So just figure out
the housing situation
and there you go.
There I don't go!
You have to help me!
I did help you.
I helped you in.
I'm not a realtor.
But we'll talk
when you get back.
(DISCONNECTS)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Hi, there.
I have a car out front
and at the last minute
I felt too guilty
to pretend that I didn't
know what flight you were
going out on,
so I thought I'd offer
you a ride.
I'm not interested.
I'll get a taxi.
Better save your money
for an apartment.
You too.
Oh, I got
a dorm room.
Do you know how much
these stupid dorm rooms cost?
Yeah, 15 to 20 grand.
You would pay that much
to live in a shoe box?
Well, I'm getting
an apartment too, I hope.
Are you actually going to
come to school here?
And get an apartment
and a dorm room
in Manhattan?
Ben, that's ridiculous!
Just stop,
like, stop it right now.
You have no interest
in going to school here.
Oh, but I do.
Me? Is that what interests you
in going here? Me?
You and I had a great time
here, I like the city,
I like the school,
and, hey, why not?
Because I don't want you
to go to school here!
Oh, grow up Amy. There are
thousands of students
at this school
and millions of people
in New York.
We probably won't even
run into each other
all that often.
Ricky would never
be comfortable
with my coming to school here
if you're here.
I can't just hit him up
with you and ask for money
at the same time!
If you were really
in love with Ricky
and you cared
what he thought,
you wouldn't even consider
leaving him to come
to school here.
Actually, yeah, I would.
And I am considering that,
which doesn't mean
I don't love him!
And he and John
can't stay with me
in the dorm
and we can't
afford an apartment,
and we can't afford
getting a hotel
every time they come.
So, just go ahead,
here, take it!
Take my school,
take my dream!
Your dream was gone
when I met you.
Ben!
What?
You knew your life plans
were completely wrecked
when you got pregnant.
However, if you'd like
to go to school here,
you can go to school here.
No one is stopping you.
It might just be a little bit
harder than you thought
it would be.
But, as always, I'm sure
you'll find a way
to get what you want.
Hey, maybe your dad
can help you.
My dad can't afford
to help me.
He has money,
he just bought a restaurant!
(LAUGHS) A restaurant?
Are you kidding?
He just bought
Geoff's restaurant.
My dad?
You haven't talked to him
since you've been here?
No, I have, yeah.
Maybe he wanted
to tell you in person.
Here. Come on,
we'll talk about it
in the car.
No. I will just take a taxi.
(SIGHS)
It's a free ride,
take it.
We're going to be
sitting next to each other
on the flight anyway.
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
How was lunch?
Boring.
What are you doing there,
actually reading
a newspaper?
Looking for an apartment.
I thought you were
going to get a car first?
Nah, I should just do it,
get out.
Why are you in such a hurry
all of a sudden?
We're going to
have to move anyway,
so, it's time.
That's not it.
I don't want to tell you.
If you tell me,
maybe I can help you.
I told Ricky not to marry Amy
and now I feel guilty
living there with
Amy's dad in Amy's
mother's house for free.
You should move.
Yeah, I knew that.
(DISCONNECTS)
Don finally got back with me.
He's coming over
after school.
Great. I'll help you
talk to him.
Oh, uh, thanks, but my dad
told me to talk to him.
Well, I should be there.
Just in case.
I appreciate your
being willing to help me,
but I think I should
handle this by myself,
like a responsible adult.
And my grandmother is home
if I screw it up
and don't handle it
like a responsible adult.
Good, but I should
be there too.
Ethan, my dad said...
Your dad loves me.
And we've bonded now,
we're both bad at algebra.
That doesn't mean you
should be part of what is
a very important conversation
between two people
regarding a child.
Yes, it does.
You believe everything
this guy says,
you're not going to
get anywhere with him.
Yes, I am.
You never would have even
figured this out without me.
You're right about that.
Thank you.
"Thank you," but?
No buts, I mean it.
Thank you.
You can't cut me out now.
Come on, Kathy,
I'm your boyfriend,
I'm looking out for you.
I can look out for me.
You can,
but this guy is slick,
and you know it.
I know,
but deep down inside,
Don is a nice guy
and I don't want to
embarrass him.
I just want him to go home
and never bother me again,
and never bother Jonathan
and Sonya again.
So, I'm going to be
as nice as I can
about this.
You are so naive!
Nice only works
on nice people.
He's after money!
He's not nice.
He can be.
Look, Don made some
regrettable calls
and flew out here
and I'm sure he
regrets doing this
and he's embarrassed.
I'll talk to him
and it'll be fine.
I'll see you at my house.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hello.
Hey, Grace.
Jack! It's so good
to hear from you.
I've missed you.
Yeah, I've missed
you too, Grace.
I heard that you saw
Dr. Fields last night
and then you spent the night
at your parents' house?
Adrian?
(CHUCKLES) Of course.
I thought you two
weren't friends anymore.
Well, the easiest way
to make friends with someone
is to ask them for their help.
So, I just asked her
for some help.
How are you?
What are you doing?
I'm just thinking
about something
and wanted
your thoughts on it.
What's that?
Well, I don't want to
bother you if you're in
the middle of something.
No. I'm just grabbing a coffee
and then I'm on the way
to the airport.
So, ask me.
This lawyer came
to see me today
and he said I could
sue the school
and make millions of dollars
and they wouldn't
have to pay it,
it would be
their insurance company.
What?
Yeah, millions of dollars.
For what?
They paid for all
your hospital bills,
and they let you keep
your scholarship
even though you're
not playing football,
and your dorm room
is still available to you.
Yeah, because they know
they owe me something
for what I went through.
And I may never be able
to play football again.
You're getting
your casts off soon,
you're going to be
working out in a few weeks,
and then
starting physical therapy.
You're going to be fine.
You are fine!
Whatever happened
to the miracle of the bones?
Even if I am fine,
look at everything
I've been through.
They owe me
something for that.
Whatever happened to
happy to be alive
and grateful that God
saw you through
all this, etcetera, etcetera?
I am happy to be alive
and I'd be really happy
even to get a couple
million dollars.
I could even buy
my parents a house.
With money you get
from suing the university?
They have insurance.
Oh, even so.
It just doesn't strike me
as the right thing to do.
I mean, suppose
that the court does find
the school negligent
in protecting you
and people lose
their jobs and...
Maybe they'll create
more jobs. Maybe they'll
hire more security.
They should hire
more security.
I'm actually doing
a public service
by forcing them
to behave more responsibly.
I don't know, Jack.
It sounds as if you
might be trying to justify
taking money
that maybe you shouldn't.
I mean, you're
the victim of a crime.
But I don't know if you're
the victim of the school
being negligent
in protecting you,
are you?
It's millions of dollars.
I think you should
think about it.
(CELL PHONE BEEPING)
Oh, hold on.
I have another call.
Um, it's Adrian.
I'm going to be
home tomorrow,
so let's talk about it more,
then, okay?
I love you.
I love you, Grace.
Hi.
Hey, are you home?
Not yet. I'm in Denver,
I'm going to be home
in a few hours.
I can't wait to see Jack.
Thank you so much
for everything that you did.
Omar is leaving me!
What?
(SIGHS) This company
he works for wants him
in New York.
He, Ben and Amy
are going to New York.
But he's going to
take you with him, right?
He asked me to go with him,
but I can't go
without totally losing
all the credits
for this year and giving up
this condo.
I love this condo.
Well, Adrian, the condo's
not really yours.
You only live there
because Leo Boykewich
is an incredibly generous man,
but you were always going to
leave that condo behind
anyway at some point,
and you'll always
have Omar.
I am so crazy.
I forgot this isn't mine.
It isn't mine at all.
Wait. So, that's it?
Amy and Ben are going
to New York to school?
(SIGHS) I don't know.
I think she'll stay
in California.
She loves Ricky
and she loves John.
And she loves Amy
more than she loves
anyone else.
(SIGHS) I don't know,
maybe that's not so bad.
How's it going with you?
Any of the schools
look good?
Yeah. I think I just needed
to step away from Jack
for a little bit
to see how I really feel
about him.
And?
And I really do love him.
But?
But...
How did we get more interested
in guys than ourselves?
Sex.
Uh, okay, yeah.
Grace, I have to go.
Hey.
Hi.
I didn't know you were here.
Yeah, I took a nap,
I'm a little jet lagged.
So, how did you get
more interested in guys
than yourselves?
Grace says it was sex.
And you agree?
No.
What do you say it was?
Low self-esteem.
You don't really
strike me as a woman
who has low self-esteem.
Yeah, having this attitude
didn't come easy.
So what do you want to do?
Stay here and live
in a condo paid for by
your ex-husband's dad
or go with me,
your future husband?
What I want to do
is be my own person
for once in my life.
What are you going to do
if he doesn't show?
He said he's on his way.
He said that
an hour ago.
He'll be here.
Maybe it's good he's late.
Put him on the defensive,
start strong.
Just let me handle it,
the way I want to handle it.
I may not want
to start strong.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
How could you think
this is about money?
You had your dad call my
parents?
I didn't really
want them involved.
We're adults.
We had a baby.
We don't need our parents
to get involved
in our business.
Our parents
or your boyfriend.
I just thought that...
That I wanted money?
I never asked anyone
for any money.
You said you needed money
for college, so...
So what?
I would risk getting caught
blackmailing someone
to pay tuition?
Not just blackmailing someone,
but blackmailing them
over a child?
You think I'm stupid
all of a sudden?
What happened to you?
Never mind.
I know what happened.
You're hanging out with
that juvenile delinquent
and listening to him.
Well...
Well, that's my daughter
and I wanted to see her.
You got to see her
when she was born.
Yeah, I birthed her.
Your part was easy.
And what, you're just
curious?
You're going to
see her and then,
a few months later
or next year, you're
going to be curious again?
And her parents should just
have to live with that?
And when she gets older,
she should have to live
with that?
When she gets older,
she may want to know me.
She might.
And if she does, I'm sure
her parents will find you.
But she might not.
Again, there's only so much
you contributed to her life.
Your contribution
was microscopic.
Couldn't have happened
without me.
No.
It couldn't have.
I'm sorry.
That's the first time
you've said that to me,
you know that?
Well...
I am sorry.
This is all your fault!
My fault?
You never should have accused
him of wanting money.
Now he's going to
make her feel guilty about it
and then he's going
to walk away
with her wanting to be friends
with him or something.
I still say
he wants money.
(SIGHS)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Stubborn!
I don't buy what
he's doing in there.
It's completely insincere.
He's just saying this
'cause he got busted.
We lost the element
of surprise.
Her dad blew it.
He should have waited to call
his parents until Kathy got
a shot at him.
He messed up everything.
I don't like this Don.
Me neither.
I am absolutely certain
that I was right about him.
I'm gonna call her dad.
Oh, I don't know if you
should do that.
He's probably sleeping.
C'est la vie.
(SIGHS)
Could I possibly
borrow your phone?
I don't have
international service.
No wonder you can't sleep,
you need to get up
and move around.
You can either go down
to the gym and work out
or help your mother around
the house or help me with some
yard work
or maybe go look for a job.
I don't know what I'd do
at the gym.
I'm sure there's
something you could do.
One-handed weight lifting?
Yeah, do that.
People don't do that.
It's bad enough the arm
in the cast is going
to be a twig,
I don't want to
build the other one up.
Okay, well, wax the kitchen
floors,
you used to be good at that.
And if I slip and fall?
Then you can sue me.
Or me and your mother.
Grace called.
Now, she's worried
about your suing the school.
I assured her you are not
suing the school.
If you want to sue the guy
who did that to you, sue him.
When they find him.
And eventually
they will find him.
But you are not suing
your university,
where you have a scholarship
and where the coaches
and the athletes have done
nothing but help you out.
It's not personal, it's their
insurance company.
So everyone at the school
would share in the cost?
Students, faculty, everyone?
Well, I don't look
at it like that.
Well, look at it like that.
And just what do you need
the money for?
It's not that I need it.
I mean, I need it,
we all need it,
it's a matter of principle.
Yeah, it is.
And where are your principles?
Dad.
Jack.
I wanted to buy you
a new house.
I don't need you to buy
me a new house.
I like this house.
If we want a new house,
we'll buy a new house.
I don't need anything,
other than for you
to recover.
But I have recovered.
I'm just waiting
for the casts to come off,
and when they do, would it be
so bad if I went driving
around in a red Porsche?
While the guys who came
to visit you at the hospital
every day
carpooled and took the bus?
Are you kidding?
I don't know.
It didn't seem that unfair
when the lawyer
was explaining it.
Are you going to listen to me
or some lawyer you met today?
Well, you're not offering me
millions of dollars.
That's a lot of money.
Okay, first of all,
the lawyer would take half
and you'd have to pay taxes,
so it's not as much as
it seems,
but secondly,
it's dirty money.
I mean, how do you go
around proclaiming
yourself a Christian
and then consider robbing
an insurance company?
I'm not robbing anyone
and why can't a Christian sue?
I mean, I brought that up with
the attorney, about me not
suing because I'm a Christian.
And he said...
"What, are all Christians
doormats?"
Dad, I was a really good
athlete with a promising
pro career.
Now I'm just an injured
athlete trying to recover
and I'm only an average
student in college.
What am I gonna do
to earn a living?
How am I ever going
to support Grace?
I need that money.
How am I gonna get it?
Well, you're not just gonna
go around suing people.
And I've always told you
not to rely on being
a professional athlete
because one day
you could get injured.
What's your B plan, Jack?
Uh, choose a major?
Your presence
is required at work!
Okay, I'm sorry.
I got distracted.
Yesterday you weren't here,
today you're somewhere else.
What the hell is going on?
Amy wants to go to school
in New York.
And that relates
to sausage how?
It does relate.
I'm trying to figure out
how much I have to make
to cover John's daycare
if he stays here with me
and Amy goes
to Hudson University.
Uh, you two are getting
married or splitting up?
We're getting married and then
splitting up to go to school,
I think.
If she wants.
What?
Amy really wants to be married
but she really wants to go
to Hudson University,
that was always her dream.
So, I'm trying to figure out
how to make that work for her.
What do they teach at
that New York school
that they don't teach here?
Isn't the purpose
of an education
to get an education?
Not to live in another city
and have a good time.
I just want her to have
what she wants.
So that you can have what you
want, which is to be married.
I want to feel satisfied
that I have made every effort
to make this
relationship work out.
Well, that's pretty much what
someone says when they want
out of a relationship
without any guilt.
No, I, uh...
You, uh, what?
I'm just trying to do my best
for everyone.
For Amy, for John, for myself.
And if I can figure out
this financially
and that's what Amy wants
to do, go to school in
New York, then she should go,
(SIGHS)
Otherwise, I will feel guilty
for not making it happen
for her.
And she'll regret not going
and I'll be blamed the rest
of our lives.
Wow.
If that's really what you
think then, (WHISPERS)
just let it go.
Do get married.
Put the closing sign
in the door
and call it a night!
You don't have to call them.
You're right.
I just got emotional.
I think I was just
missing you.
I should be the one to call
Jonathan and Sonya
and apologize.
I really wasn't after
their money.
Yeah, I didn't think
you were.
I heard your boyfriend came
out with you and talked
to your mom and dad
into letting you come
back here.
And Kathy,
I was counting on you
to come back from Houston.
But I hadn't even heard
from you.
I didn't want to upset you.
You know, your getting
pregnant and having a baby
and...
Having the baby adopted.
That didn't just affect you,
it affected me, too.
I've been really
depressed and...
Angry at myself.
And then, well,
I got angry at everyone.
I know I wouldn't
make a good father.
Well, not right now, but...
Maybe someday.
I don't know.
I mean, how could I do
something so stupid?
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY))
It was a tough situation.
I really prepared to let go
of her and...
I guess you didn't get
to do that.
No, I... I didn't.
And I am just a little curious
to see what she looks like.
Well, I'm sure they'd send
you a picture, but...
I think it's best
to just let go,
for the baby's sake.
You're right,
and I'm going to do that.
Thank you, Don.
I better be going.
All right.
Mind if I call you once
in a while?
I guess once in a while
would be okay.
Bye. Have a safe
flight back.
Hi, um, Kathy, if you don't
mind, I'd like to speak
to Don,
apologize for
the misunderstanding.
Alone.
Sure.
Look, I'm sorry if there
was a misunderstanding.
Yeah, whatever.
I guess I thought that since
you said your dad wouldn't
give you money for college
you were looking to get
a little something.
No, I'm not looking for this
couple to do
what my dad should do
for me.
Yeah.
But frankly, I thought they
should have paid Kathy
something for her trouble,
don't you?
I mean, the birth alone was,
let me tell you...
You don't want
to give birth.
It's so...
Well, unnatural.
And she suffered.
She had to move here,
go to a new school,
change her whole life,
and all that time, she was
going to doctors appointments
and birthing classes and...
She just felt so guilty
and ashamed.
She has nothing to show
for all this.
And, well, as a guy,
I have to say,
you have nothing to show
for it either,
other than your reputation
is shot.
Or not.
I just think that Kathy should
have been compensated,
I mean, her dad covered
all the expenses.
Why should he have covered
all the expenses?
And why shouldn't
she get something
from this couple?
She gave them a baby,
she changed their lives.
She and I changed their lives.
Right, right.
So...
You can't ask for money
in exchange for what you did,
but surely they could have
gifted you something.
Gifted?
Well that's not against the
law to say,
"Thank you very much,
here's 50 grand."
Yeah, that's not against
the law.
And it's the right thing
to do.
I mean, the lawyer got a fee,
the doctors all got paid,
why not Kathy and me?
Yeah, why not?
I just couldn't figure out
how to go about it.
I was gonna visit
the baby, drop a few hints,
hope they offered.
I knew I couldn't ask them.
Got you.
I knew it was about money.
You tricked me.
Yeah, I did.
And you fell for it.
I'm surprised a good speller
would be so...
Stupid?
I didn't say that.
But I am having a good day
in terms of finding out
that people
are no smarter than I am.
So, for that, I thank you.
And I bid you adieu.
Don't let the door hit you
in the butt,
and don't be showing
your face around here again.
Or at the adoptive couple's.
I could care less about you
or Kathy or that adoptive
couple anyway.
You're a genius.
Integers are positive
and negative whole numbers.
Two even consecutive
integers that equal twenty-six
would be twelve and fourteen.